---
title: Girl Guides
permalink: /co-curriculum/co-curricular-activities-cca/uniformed-groups/girl-guides/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Uniformed Groups
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>CCA Beliefs</strong><br>Girl Guides activities are planned with the 5-Point Programme as the foundation. Covering an array of skills and knowledge, Guides complete the various clauses to earn their badges. They also participate in competitions held on a division or national scale. These provide valuable opportunities for talent discovery.&nbsp;</p><p>By exploring and building on the Guides' strengths, interests and talents, we hope to develop each Guide to become a dynamic and versatile young lady who can meet challenges with confidence while upholding the BP (Be Prepared) spirit.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Affirmation &amp; Recognition</strong><br>Our SKY Guide, Inez of Class 3-2, has done us proud by achieving the Baden Powell Award (BPA), the highest recognition awarded by the Chief Commissioner.&nbsp;</p><p>We wish to express our deepest gratitude to the outgoing leaders who have played an important role in planning engaging programmes for the juniors. To all SKY Guides, thank you for being resilient and forthcoming during our CCA sessions. Continue to let your guiding light shine and uphold the BP spirit. Strive on, SKY Guides, and we look forward to reaching greater heights next year!</p><p><strong>Achievements and Accolades</strong><br></p><p><strong>Puan Noor Aishah Unit Excellence Award</strong><br>Seng Kang Girl Guides is awarded Gold for our unit award 2018. This is our 16th consecutive gold award.</p><p><strong>Baden-Powell Award</strong><br>The Baden Powell Award (BPA) is the highest award given out by our Chief Commissioner to a Girl Guide.<br>Awardee for 2019:<br>1. Fernandez Marielle Jane Reyes (4-1)<br>2. Subikshaa Dharmalingam (4-4)<br>3. Rudra Devi (4-4)</p><p><strong>Painting For Fund Project</strong><br>2 guides participated in Girl Guides Singapore (GGS) Painting for Fund Project, a joint partnership between GGS and Singapore Art Society. Their paintings received compliments from professional artists and were sold at the GGS Gala Dinner on 19 March 2019 where our President Halimah Yacob was the Guest-Of-Honour.</p><p>Both paintings, together with 10 other paintings raised more than $32,000 for GGS programmes.</p><p><strong>CCA Training Sessions</strong><br>Wednesday, 3.30 - 6.00pm<br>Fridays (when necessary), 2.30 - 6.00pm</p><p></p><p><strong>Teachers in charge</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Name/Designation</strong></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Email Address</strong></p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ms Jenny Shea (OIC)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>jenny_shea_ka_yan@moe.edu.sg</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ms Norzahidah</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>norzahidah_maaz@moe.edu.sg</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ms Rafiqah Dewi Bte Aziz</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>rafiqah_dewi_aziz@moe.edu.sg</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>