---
title: National Cadet Corps (NCC)
permalink: /co-curriculum/co-curricular-activities-cca/uniformed-groups/national-cadets-corp-ncc/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Uniformed Groups
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>CCA Beliefs</strong><br>The NCC (Land) Company of Seng Kang Secondary school prides itself on inculcating the values of 'Courage' and 'Comradeship' to all cadets. The idea of being "fearless" echoes through our ranks. It signifies the desire and determination to rise above all challenges and having the desire and resilience to always excel and exceed expectations.</p><p>Engaging cadets in a wide variety of challenging and exciting activities that are meaningful, the Seng Kang Secondary School NCC unit aims to develop the leadership abilities, organisational skills and teamwork of our cadets to their full potential.</p><p></p><p><strong>Achievements and Accolades</strong><br>The group attained a Distinction for the NCC Unit Recognition Award (2021 and 2022).<br>MSG Krishna M. was awarded the HQ NCC Outstanding Cadet Award for 2020.<br>MSG Vanness New was awarded the HQ NCC Outstanding Cadet Award for 2021. <br>MSG Ben Low and MSG Bryant Chew were both awarded the NCC Outstanding Cadet Award in 2022.</p><p>Our Secondary One cadets were crowned overall champions in Central District Captains' Ball Competition and first runner-up in National NCC Captains' Ball Competition in 2019. Our Secondary One cadets emerged as 2nd runner-up in the Central District Captains’ Ball Competition in 2022.</p><p>Our Precision Drill Squad (PDS) team attained 2nd runner-up in Central District Inter-Schools Preliminary Competition and were finalists in the 10th Precision Drills Squad Grand Final Competition in 2019.</p><p>In addition, our cadet have participated in many important community events such as the Official Opening of Sengkang Hospital Campus on 23 March 2019, and various National Observance Ceremonies held during the National Day Parades.</p><p></p><p><strong>CCA Training Sessions</strong><br>Wednesday 1545 hrs - 1800 hrs<br>Stand by: Fridays 1430 hrs - 1800 hrs</p><p></p><p><strong>Teachers in charge</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Name/Designation</strong></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Email Address</strong></p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Clarence Ng (OIC)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>ng_hak_meng_clarence@moe.edu.sg</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Jerome Sng (2 IC)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>sng_kai_rong_jerome@moe.edu.sg</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Jason Ang Hui Xiang</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>jason_ang_hui_xiang@moe.edu.sg</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Ong Zhi Xiang</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>ong_zhi_xiang@moe.edu.sg</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>