---
title: Football
permalink: /co-curriculum/co-curricular-activities-cca/physical-sports/football/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Physical Sports
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>CCA Beliefs</strong><br>We believe that character education forms the basis of a good education. We embrace and inculcate important values in our footballers such as:</p><p>School Values</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Respect</p></li><li><p>Responsibility&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Resilience&nbsp;</p></li></ul><p>Values in Sports</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Teamwork</p></li><li><p>Sportsmanship</p></li></ul><p>Every year, our B and C Division teams would participate in the National Schools Games from January to August. From June to October, our Centre of Excellence team participates in the FAS Centre of Excellence U15 Developmental League. From August to September, our two Futsal teams take part in the Singapore Pools FAS Inter-School Futsal Tournament. Throughout the year, our school team participates in friendly matches with teams from other schools. During the off-season period, the boys dedicate their time to work on their fitness and team-bonding at their end-of-year camp. The players can look forward to representing the school in numerous competitions that develop them professionally.</p><p><strong>Annual Key Competitions / Developmental Programmes</strong><br></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>FAS Centre of Excellence U15 Developmental League (7 Secondary Schools &amp; 7 professional football clubs for 2019 U15 league)</p></li><li><p>National School Games Football for both B and C Divisions&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Singapore Pools FAS Inter-School Futsal Tournament</p></li><li><p>Friendly matches with the Singapore National Womens Team</p></li><li><p>Selected school players train with the National Football Team U15 for selection to represent Singapore in Overseas Competitions</p></li><li><p>Friendly Matches with different secondary schools and other ad-hoc football competitions</p></li></ul><p>Every year, our ‘B’ and ‘C’ Division Football Teams participates in the Singapore School Sports Council - National School Games - Football Championships competitions from January to August.&nbsp;</p><p>From June to October, our Centre of Excellence Football Team participated in the FAS Centre of Excellence U15 Developmental League. From August to September, our two futsal teams take part in the Singapore Pools FAS Inter-school Futsal Tournament 2019.</p><p>Throughout the year, our school play friendly matches with various schools. During the off-season period, the boys spent more time working on their fitness and team-bonding in a year-end camp. In our football CCA, the players can look forward to representing the school in the&nbsp;many competitions that seek to develop the players professionally.&nbsp;</p><p>We are deeply appreciative of the continued strong and loyal supporters of both parents and students alike, as their fervent encouragement and support gave us the motivation to play for the school. Through these activities, the players have learnt to be more resilient and self-disciplined. Their actions echo what our players always cheer before a game, “Majulah, Sengkang!”</p><p><strong>Achievements</strong></p><p><br>2023 National Schools Games B Division Football Championships - Round 1<br>2023 National Schools Games C Division Football Championships - League 3 (3rd)<br>2020 National Schools Games B Division Football Championships - Top 16&nbsp;<br>2019 National Schools Games B Division Football Championships - Top 16<br>2019 National Schools Games C Division Football Championships - Top 32 (Tier 1)<br>2019 Singapore Pools FAS Inter-School Futsal Tournament - Champion, Plate Finals&nbsp;<br></p><p><strong>CCA Training Sessions</strong><br>Mondays 3.30pm to 6.30pm<br>Wednesdays 3.30pm to 6.30pm<br>Fridays 2.30pm to 5.30pm</p><p><strong>Teachers in charge</strong><br></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Name</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Email Address</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Lim Zhao Chern Joshua (OIC)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>lim_zhao_chern_joshua@moe.edu.sg</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Danial Iylia Roslin</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>danial_iylia_roslin@moe.edu.sg</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Tan Bing Dun</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>tan_bing_dun@moe.edu.sg</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p></p>